Anyone watching thinking
we know fuck all
about knowing fuck all about owt
needs to watch their back.
So you've had your Labour,
reclassifying skunk,
sending prices sky-high,
literally, literally
taking the grass from its own roots!
And now you've got
your ConDemNation.
Liberals noshing Tories
like altar boys picking dimps up.
Have we had a national
fucking stroke or what?
Is revolution a word
or was it never?
Anybody watching needs to know
we cope better than average
with irony in Chatsworth.
Well, for fuck's sake,
we live in Manchester
and they charge us for water!
I wandered lonely as a clown,
necking mushrooms rarely found,
this green and pleasant
land in ancient times,
yak-yak-yak-yak-yak-yak-yak-yak-yak!
It's nottheirsany more.
This is our England now!
Paaarty!
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
'Age-old question,
answered by many a martyr.
'Who is the ultimate authority?
'How many politicians do you trust?
'How many judges are equipped
with the skills of life
'to pass just sentences?'
Bang to rights!
Oh, Mother Mary!
'I know where
I used to place my trust.
'I thought I knew who I could
rely on to do the right thing.'
Those poor babies.
Civil war will claim another
hundred thousand,
and they're not letting aid through.
Going to be worse than
Live Aid, this one.
Nothing plumbs the depths
like Status Quo.
A good famine is the life support
of the British music industry.
We'll have a chat on pay day.
Begs the question, though.
Famine and pestilence
don't prove there's no God.
Try telling that to
the little pot-bellies.
If he's up there,
how's it not a fucking disgrace?
Better off not being born.
For every claim that God
wouldn't let this happen,
I can provide ten arguments
invoking man's culpability and
abuse of the gift of free will.
Ah! Free Willy!
Every Catholic's
get-out-of-jail card.
What free will have they got?
Where's God? Right now?
Living like that?
Worse than no life at all!
Divine intervention?!
St Peter's press office
sending the latest spin? >
Natural selection,
that's all it is
Selfish genes.
"We will procreate!
"We will procreate!"
Yeah, knock a few million
out of the food chain.
Take care of the rest of us
lucky fuckers
by giving us
the winning lottery tickets.
'Course, you lot change
the rules to suit...
There's no use genuflecting
where truth's involved.
You just incorporate
intelligent design...
Come on.
Into God's master plan...
'Hiya, this is Alice.
You know what to do, don't you?'
you live where the sand is,
move where the food is.
You'll be fucking guilty
when you get to heaven
and there's nothing there and all
the money you put in the pot,
money that goes towards
the Pope having hand-crafted shoes
made from the genitals
of Italian street boys.
Fuck that!
Thursday, your honour!
Your honour?
Corridors of power, Kelly.
Turns me on.
He's only a magistrate!
So what?
Anyone can be one.
You can't.
Going out!
That's not dressing
for Mortal Combat at Macka's!
Something else came up.
Are you two-timing me?!
Look at you.
It must be love!
Behave! It's only the second time
we've gone out.
Open's fine.
Hey, no chatting to schoolies,
Teesh!
Don't break her heart!
Come, then.
Did you have your chat?
Can't we do it together?
No, because that's
even more embarrassing.
They know more about sex than we
ever will.
Watching porn on an iPhone
isn't going to help
her emotional development.
Were you worried about
emotional development
when we lay on your tracky top
in Sharston woods?
You better do it.
She listens to you.
No, I said tails.
I always have tails.
Avril!
I hear you!
Jesus!
Alice!
Alice, come on!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Alice!
Alice, stop messing about! Come on!
Alice, come on!
Alice!
Fuck, no!
Alice! Alice!
Fuck!
Hey, what's wrong?
Where've you been?
Where do you think?
Teesh!
What's he done?
Nothing yet. Really.
So what's wrong, then?
Maybe I'd like more than two words
before he tries to take my top off!
It's Warren!
Do you know how many girls would
love to be in your shoes right now?
Thought we were eating?
We will.
Just come back inside
and have another drink.
Maybe another time.
You don't have to come.
I'm really sorry.
You should just
get some sleep now.
I impregnated a 16-year-old.
But she lost the baby.
See you later. All right?
OK.
See you later.
And they wonder why
church attendance is down.
I'm sorry for texting.
Oh, no, don't be.
I'm glad you did.
I'm glad you got to me.
Maybe you do care.
Of course I do. Always.
There's still a chance for us, then?
I'm teasing!
Yeah, I know you were.
As ever...
So does being saved mean
I've still got a hope of heaven?
I know there's a space
with your name on.
On authority from above.
Of course.
You've got direct contact.
This one was a visitation
in a dream.
Clear as day.
Said the plot's definitely yours.
But it won't be ready until
you're the grand old age of 95.
So promise me
you'll hang around till then?
Anything for you.
I think we would have had
a little girl.
You will do one day.
She'd be walking, talking...
Alice, come on.
You're going to be OK.
He says condoms always split on him.
Eurgh! That bony arse?!
You better believe it.
Tony Baloney pressed all my buttons.
Aren't you worried?
No, I was at the chemist
before it even opened.
Where his sister works?
Oh, I know. I forgot.
She made me feel like a right tramp.
She can talk.
Exactly!
What about catching something?
I made him cover up.
What more can I do?
Not sleep with him
on the first date?
People are starting to wonder
what you're into.
Whether boys are really
your thing.
Think I care what people think?
Well, I've gotta go.
But I'm just saying,
it's the 21st century.
Forget prim and proper.
Tony told me
to bring Keisha for Warren.
You're getting left behind, girl.
Should have seen
the cuts on her arms.
Bet she weighs next to nothing.
So? Who knows what kind of shit
she's dealing with at home.
Which started with me
getting her pregnant.
It took two to tango.
She played you!
I saw the gear she used to wear.
Remember what I used to wear?
Sending her money every month
is more than anyone else would do.
Yeah...
You saved her. Now put it to bed.
Please!
Jamie!
Oi, mate!
No fighting on these premises, eh?
I was going to visit later.
There's no point!
She sneaked out last night.
Jumped from the top
of the hospital car park.
No!
She's all we had!
Thank you very much, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Settling in, Father? Yeah.
Makes it easy when everyone
makes you feel so welcome.
Thank you, thanks for coming.
Beautiful service, thank you.
Good morning, Father.
Morning.
The other kids are laughing at her.
Saying things...
Forget age! What about
when it happens naturally?
Right person, right time?
I just think there's
a way of helping her out.
Making sure it's not
a disappointment.
I'm three months younger than you.
What was so wrong
with your first time?
It was perfect, Mr Loverman.
Oi. Cloggsy's clouted
a transit full of laptops.
Our name's on fifty.
Over to the divine sisterhood.
A higher authority...
Laters.
My real first time was a spotty
scrote behind the bins after netball.
Horrible.
So Jackson thinks he's your...
Mmm-hmm.
My first was 25, and I was 15.
And?
He certainly knew a thing or two.
There you go. If it gives Letitia
a better experience,
what's so wrong with that?
Well, I always thought
she'd get it on with Aidan.
No.
Can I have a beer
and an alcopop, please?
Have you nailed her yet?
Like I'd tell you.
Queer.
That's a definite 'no', bro!
Aargh, what you doing?!
Bang to rights.
Oh, hello!
Yes, m'dear.
My first time was
with someone older.
There's a lot to be
said for experience.
What's with the tag-team?
What are you two getting at?
Nothing.
But maybe Warren's
worth a second chance?
He sells weed and he grunts.
You're supposed to want
the best for me.
It'll be easier
when you go to college.
What will?
To date an older guy.
Maybe one of your lecturers.
Mum!
Once it's over with, there's no
awkward boundaries. No taboos.
Are you OK?
Course.
Don't worry, yeah?
The genie is
out of the bottle, mate.
Kids' heads get battered with sex
and shagging soon after they've
stopped watching Iggle Piggle.
You've done well
she's lasted this long.
You ever bump into
the first girl you slept with?
Erm... funerals, weddings.
Was a second cousin.
Shagged it behind a pile of turf
at my nana's in Kildare.
You?
All the time.
Where?
Two streets over there.
No way!
Avril was your first?
On my Tacchini tracky. Turned it
inside out to keep it clean.
You've done plenty of
splitting up though, yeah?
Played away once.
You've had...
two women?
Ever.
What, you think there's
something wrong with that?
No, it's, er... very noble.
The last one I got off Coggsy
was riddled with that many viruses
I thought I was going to
catch something.
Well they're sweet, them.
Who's wearing the trousers today?
Nice one.
What?
I didn't know magistrates could
claim blow jobs on expenses.
We can't.
I've told them you're my life coach.
Which is just about claimable.
Like in boxing?
No... someone who helps
with strategies
for long-term
psychological happiness.
Jeremy Kyle?
Nothing like Jeremy Kyle.
They want to interview
you about this.
I struggle with words.
Do you know the reason I choose you?
My specs?
You're a sensitive soul,
a rare rose,
a delicate speciality.
I know... you can rise to this.
Oh. Let me guess - texting
Manchester's biggest gangster?
Not him. He's been sacked.
Did you laugh at his shit car?
Mum's treating me to new jeans.
We can get Nando's with the change?
Yeah, defo.
Trafford Centre's open till 10.
I can't go tonight. I told Sarah
I'd go pictures with her.
No worries. Maybe some other time.
I was thinking nice and tight.
Hey.
Insomnia must be contagious.
Yeah. Go on, go back to bed.
Dom, what's that about?
Sanctioned self-harming.
The church was on to
that buzz centuries ago.
It's not funny.
Trying to get to where her head was.
To what end?
See what pushed her.
I thought you said she jumped.
Look.
I was mad into him back then.
And now?
We're having a slight
difference of opinion.
In the name of the father...
I order you to bed.
Go on. I'm all right.
Eloi, eloi, lama sabachthani.
Eh?
You don't mind, do you?
You fucked with me
from the very start.
No dad, no role model...
is that how you suck us in, do you?
The vulnerable? The needy?
Like some parasite nonce?
All those years I covered for you,
lying on your behalf...
How often did I dupe
young men and women
struck down in their prime
by incurable cancers?
Reassured them -
pray to you, believe...
their journey has a destination?
I was never selfish.
Not once.
Cos that's how
it's supposed to work.
You give when needed
and I trusted that
you would do the right thing.
Hadn't she suffered enough?
Hadn't she suffered enough?!
Can't you see
I'm done with you now?
You're nothing to me.
We're done.
"Surround yourself with...
"..persons most like the
people you want to become."
Nearly."..Peoplemost like
thepersonyou want to become."
I told him I'd struggle.
What do life coaches wear anyway?
He told me, smart and casual.
He's paying.
No.
Try another.
"Don't put off being happy...
"..until some later date."
At last!
A lot of this makes
sense, you know?
He called me a delicate rose.
I'll have a glass of your finest
red wine - and one for Frank.
Potius hodie quam cras.
Come again?
School badge - red wine in
the morning, pisspots' warning.
In the name of all wars,
genocide, starvation, floods,
earthquakes, disease,
suicides and pointless slaughter...
I salute you!
Anyone else?
Oh yeah. In nomine patri...
Enough of this sacrilege!
Where's your respect?
I am now a born again convert
to the word... of our Frank.
You shall burn in hell.
No, no, there is no hell...
no god other than Eric of Cantona!
Eh-hey-hey!
Georgi Kinkladze is St Peter!
Five tonne now - another
monkey when the job's done.
Take four weeks of spitting
in burgers to earn a grand...
Should be an easy decision, then?
Go on.
I need assistance.
With?
Who?
Me.
What?
Suicide. You were right all along...
Whoa...! Don't you blame this on me!
Oh, there's no blame, but...
there's no god for me anymore.
And like you said - living a certain
way is worse than no life at all.
I was speaking about
little immigrants!
Spend it on a flight to Zurich - get
a professional service!
Frank...
At least have a think about it.
Go on.
So how long are they away for?
Just one night.
She's on her own?
No brothers or sisters?
They're with her mum and dad.
Smashed it!
Our man's going to
rattle it all night!
She told me to come prepared...?
Scrub up proper. After shave -
you can use my Aramis...
wash your bellend...
She means condoms!
I'll sort it -
on the house.
I want details, yeah?
Size of her nipples,
if she's shaved her poonani
or if she's got spider's legs...!
Yep - hear, see,
and speak plenty of evil.
Hey, bro, did you see that, bro?
She was checking you out!
My man's on fire!
We used to hang
around here as kids.
Lovely.
Exploring round here was
like a journey to a lost world.
Huh! I remember once,
a proper sunburst came
through an 'ole in the roof
and lit Jimmy H like an angel.
I was up there, looking down.
It was beautiful. I felt
warm, connected to it all.
Glorious.
Truly. Ten years old -
my first mystical experience.
My first holding hands
in my love affair with God.
Mmm.
So why end it now?
I never gave doubt any space.
You know, once you do, the...
the questions on questions on questions,
you're just... dragged into a vortex.
So, drink, take enough gear,
block the lot - get so twatted,
no coherent thought gets through.
Ha-ha!
Now you can start living!
Yeah. I admire you, Frank.
I'll leave a note for our
Gloria to pay you the rest.
But why do you need me?
You kick these away, you
make sure that I'm dead.
If you get it wrong, I could end
up a cabbage in a wheelchair.
Phwor - enough of them
hanging round my neck already.
Up there?
Full circle.
Watch it!
You're the one who said you wanted
to be like "grown-up friends".
Ooh, touche!
You want me to go out with
someone who's experienced?
I just don't want you
to be disappointed.
What if he's
experienced, but younger?
As long as he's legal.
He's 16 in a month.
It would be like going
with your brother!
As an only child, that
means nothing to me.
How do you know he's done
more than even kiss her?
Are you still a virgin?
No, I lost it when I was 12.
It doesn't follow
that he's experienced.
Suppose that confidence has
got to come from somewhere.
It's just a little matter
of where and when.
Way I see it...
got no faith, you
only got two choices...
live with no hope,
which brings us here. Or...
live with no fear!
i. e....
There! You see that?
Just...
Just do it.
Ugh!
That's a sign!
That fucking hurt!
You've been given a sign!
From who, Frank?
Well, I don't fucking know!
A sign, you know!
Well on the road to Golgotha now.
There's no backing out.
Living a healthier life
will enable me to...
live longer, live more happily,
have better energy...
and...
Be more...
Oh, it's gone.
Comfortable with myself.
Christ, how hard can it be?
Sorry, I...
I...
Ah...
Woah, woah, woah!
Take it easy. Come on.
Deep breaths now, come on.
Now close your eyes...
imagine you're
somewhere special,
and you're doing something
that makes you happy.
Now think of someone with you...
someone who calms
and soothes you...
'Who do you want that to be?
'Now, this person is going to
help you through this task.
'With this person beside you...
'..you can accomplish anything!'
Open your eyes.
You feel better?
Yes, thank you.
You can do this.
No, I couldn't hang meself,
anyway, I'm a physical coward.
Er...
Frank? Get me the biggest bottle
of paracetamol that they've got.
There's no need!
That raspberry in ours, she's got
her own pharmacy...
paracetamol, diazepam,
tramadol...
Get on our settee.
Makes sense to do it
somewhere safe and comfy...
familiar face holding your hand
as you drift gently
into that good night.
Yeah. Are you sure?
Yeah, course. Just
give us, you know,
half an hour to fuck Patty off
and check that Aidan
and Stella are out.
Non-prescription -
these don't come cheap.
Oh, what cost your Christian soul?
What's the point
if they won't kill him?
He'll still be pissed
and fall asleep!
And then what?
I don't fucking know!
Just buys us time to work on him -
just talk him out of it.
Let him get on with it.
Never feckin' liked him anyway.
Emo's ruin - good old paracetamol.
Even if they get there
in time to save you,
your liver'll pack up
within six months.
Thought everyone was out?
Must be Stella's new... cat.
Fuckin' playing at?!
Start thinking like
a manager, not a doer.
It's Lillian's randomness
that I find most effective.
Visualise your own success.
I'd recommend her to anyone
with a busier than average life.
"If you can't make it good,
at least make it look good."
Bill Gates.
Pissing and shitting
everywhere, it's...!
Brought some more - in case.
DIY paracetamol?
One's misfortune -
two's fucking carelessness!
Oh, God, what are
the chances of that?
All right, Dom. Dom,
come on, come on, come on...
Get off!
Come on! Watch the... cat!
You're taking the piss!
Who do you think you're talking to?!
You're the gobshite
taking the overdose!
Have you any idea what that
does to those left behind?!
Those boards should
never have broke!
Who can I trust?!
Me!
Come on - this is
where it all starts!
Two of us - afraid of nothing!
Get a grip, shithouse!
Why doesn't that appeal?
Look, you... think I want
my dabs on these bottles?!
You go to jail for this shit!
Dom...!
I don't know how to say it.
He hasn't even got a bike.
He has.
I don't want to sound like a slag.
You're asking him to come round,
not speak,
just in case talking
"ruins the moment",
shag you on a one-night stand,
then go back to the way it was.
It's pretty difficult to dress
that up any other way.
Give it here.
Something like this?
Maybe.
It's perfect. Just send it!
I'm scared.
I don't know why you'd rather
him than Warren anyway.
Gone!
The blue ones are in the wash.
What about the grey?
'Perfect. I'm thinking red or black
for me?'
Yeah.
'Aidan. I really want you.'
Yeah, can I call you back?
Someone's at the door.
Yes! Get in!
What difference does it make if I
land on one of them?
Take one of them with me?
What point this life you bestowed?!
This... mind?!
This pointless viscera.
Decaying organs, bones, pumping
blood. It means fuck all!
I'm down to the dregs.
Liquid last supper.
Live with no hope,
wither and die.
Or live with no fear. Grab life.
Both hands. Squeeze the living shit
out of it.
Slainte.
And I can't keep off the toilet.
I've noticed.
Her skirt shouldn't be too short.
Except a bit of thigh gives
the right signal.
And what is Aidan going to be like
afterwards?
What if he turns into some
psycho-stalker?
What if she does?
How's that helping?
Just softens it a bit.
You don't mind?
Have you thought all this through?
You are joking?
Just... Aidan. I'm not convinced.
It's too late.
And I've ordered the rohypnol
in case he's shy.
Not funny.
I thought this was what you wanted.
Kind of.
Good. Cos I need Gloria to sort out
my bikini wax.
Keisha's done it.
And a little bonus for your
performance earlier on.
You deserve it.
I learnt a lot about myself.
That's all well and good, but this
is still how you earn a living.
Maybe not for much longer.
Good for you. Turn your business
acumen to any number of things.
Throw in your new "life" skills.
Nothing will stop you.
I'm going to miss you though.
There might be no need. You've got
to act if you want something.
That's right.
No point dwelling, thinking what
might have been.
You can stop now. The test is over.
I know you feel it too.
I need to go.
No, no kissing please!
Let me buy you dinner?
Dinner?!
I want to "shape my own destiny".
And I'm happy for you.
Take control. Let your
rare rose fill you with her scent?
We can get to know each other.
Where?
Maldini's Moston.
I better go home. Freshen up a bit.
You smell OK to me.
Look good. Feel good. You want me
on top form, don't you?
Ravioli. Half price before seven.
Oh, ravioli!
Before seven.
I'll pick you up at six!
Mmmm! Nice.
No mum?
All of a sudden she's gone
squeamish.
Because it's Aidan?
You OK?
Yeah. Never better.
It's Letitia's first time.
Oh...
And we sanction this do we?
Well, Avril's opted for experience
over true love,
so you need to make yourself scarce.
Right.
I think you should get some...
help.
Oh, no. No need.
This bullshit's over.
I'm as clear as I've ever been.
Fuck guilt...
Fuck God.
I'm living for me.
His wife might not like the idea.
Who says he's married?!
Come on! Statistically,
90% of them are.
Even if he is, she can't mess
with what's meant to be.
Oh, aye. Sniffing your pits,
must be serious.
I'm meeting Letitia.
What, round here?
Watch a film or something.
Our DVD's broke.
Gloria said we could.
I wondered why she was here earlier.
She didn't tell you?
That older kid with the souped-up
hairdryer?
Warren?
Yeah, that's him. About an hour ago.
She was a bit unsure but he talked
her into it.
Bit of a smooth operator.
Haven't you got a girlfriend?
If she's still speaking to me.
Well, it can get messy so close
to home.
Once you take that step it changes
everything.
Never go back to being mates.
Easy come.
Easy go.
Still no sign of him?
I thought you were going to bed?
Don't worry, I won't intrude.
So what's your dad's take on all
of this?
I don't think he knows.
How long are you going to give him?
Not much more.
That might look a bit keen.
That's what I was thinking.
Do I know him?
Aidan.
Well, he's a very lucky lad.
There's got to be some explanation
then, eh?
Probably his girlfriend.
So how come Aidan if it's all about
"experience"?
Mum was the one going on about that.
Sometimes mums knows best.
You reckon?
Yeah. Definitely.
You know, I can tell you some
of the benefits if you really want.
Like not getting stuck
on a bra strap?
The truly experienced man should
always execute that manoeuvre
with his teeth.
Fingers and thumbs are for...
the really delicate stuff.
"Build it and he will come."
I know what I need to do.
Forget all this hocus-pocus
bollocks. Golden rule number one.
If I focus on the future...
Rule number one!
Lillian.
Never fall for a punter.
Never!
My looks won't last much longer.
More than all of us, you know this
isn't the place to find love.
I can tell Malcolm's different.
We pretend they're special
for their benefit.
It gets dangerous if we blur
the boundaries.
Let them live with the denial,
live that lie every day,
skulking around
behind their wives'
and girlfriends' backs.
He's the same as all the others.
So why say I'm a rose?
So you'd try your hardest?
I'll show him.
Thinks I'm a mug?
Receipt for Malcolm Palmer.
Got it.
Visa? Mastercard?
Visa.
4921... 81...
Look. The best way,
whether he went...
Bloody hell is that?!
Excuse me?
"Dildos"? What's that?
Nobody plays Lillian Tyler.
'40 years of faith and trust
and belief, for what?'
'What good did the sacrifice do?'
'What have I contributed to the grand
sum of the human well-being?
'Not a fucking jot.'
'I could mourn the lost time,
say it was a waste,
'but that's not true. I got something
from it, I got me,
'I got the tools I carry, that makes
me the man I am today.
'And that puts me in a good place.
'To wreak some fucking havoc.'
I hope you're gone by the morning.
See? I told you.
I'm good.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Morning!
Good morning!
Somebody's popped their cherry!
Front door and back.
Baptism of fire.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org